Added section with helpful Chatterino-related links to the About page (#3068)
Chatterino/chatterino2: CHANGELOG.md

- Minor: Received Twitch messages now use the exact same timestamp (obtained from Twitch's server) for every Chatterino user instead of assuming message timestamp on client's side. (#3021)
- Minor: Received IRC messages use `time` message tag for timestamp if it's available. (#3021)
- Minor: Added informative messages for recent-messages API's errors. (#3029)

> - Minor: Added "About Chatterino" to About tab. (#2965, #3066)

Reviewer: Could you add a small description of what's in the About Chatterino section? e.g. that it links to the wiki

> - Minor: Added "About Chatterino" to About tab where The Chatterino Wiki and other Stuff can be found. (#2965, #3068)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Minor: Added section with helpful Chatterino-related links to the About page. (#3068)
```
